Producttype Sync doc for SDK2 migration (#993)
commercetools/commercetools-sync-java: docs/sdk2/usage/PRODUCT_TYPE_SYNC.md

      - [errorCallback](#errorcallback)
      - [warningCallback](#warningcallback)
      - [beforeUpdateCallback](#beforeupdatecallback)
      - [beforeCreateCallback](#beforecreatecallback)
      - [batchSize](#batchsize)
      - [cacheSize](#cachesize)
  - [Running the sync](#running-the-sync)
    - [Important to Note](#important-to-note)
    - [More examples of how to use the sync](#more-examples-of-how-to-use-the-sync)
  - [Build all update actions](#build-all-update-actions)
  - [Build particular update action(s)](#build-particular-update-actions)
- [Caveats](#caveats)
- [Migration Guide](#migration-guide)
  - [Client configuration and creation](#client-configuration-and-creation)
  - [Signature of ProductTypeSyncOptions](#signature-of-producttypesyncoptions)
  - [Build ProductTypeDraft (syncing from external project)](#build-producttypedraft-syncing-from-external-project)
  - [Query for ProductTypes (syncing from CTP project)](#query-for-producttypes-syncing-from-ctp-project)
  - [JVM-SDK-V2 migration guide](#jvm-sdk-v2-migration-guide)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Usage

### Prerequisites
#### SphereClient

> Use the [ClientConfigurationUtils](#todo) which apply the best practices for `ProjectRoot` creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [ClientConfigurationUtils](#todo) which apply the best practices for `ProjectApiRoot` creation.
```

> To create `ClientCredentials` which are required for creating a client please use the `ClientCredentialsBuilder` provided in java-sdk-v2 [Client OAUTH2 package](#todo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create the required `ClientCredentials` for client creation, please utilize the `ClientCredentialsBuilder` provided in the java-sdk-v2 [Client OAUTH2 package](#todo).
```

When syncing from a source commercetools project, you can use [`toProductTypeDrafts`](#todo)
 method that transforms(resolves by querying and caching key-id pairs) and maps from a `ProductType` to `ProductTypeDraft`. It can be configured to use a cache that will speed up the reference resolution performed during the sync, for example: 

````java
// Build ByProjectKeyProductTypesGet for fetching product-types from a source CTP project without any references expanded for the sync:
final ByProjectKeyProductTypesGet byProjectKeyProductTypesGet = client.productTypes().get();

// Query all product-types (NOTE this is just for example, please adjust your logic)
final List<ProductTypes> productTypes = QueryUtils.queryAll(byProjectKeyProductTypesGet,
            (productTypes) -> productTypes)
            .thenApply(lists -> lists.stream().flatMap(List::stream).collect(Collectors.toList()))
            .toCompletableFuture()
            .join();
````

In order to transform and map the `ProductType` to `ProductTypeDraft`, 
Utils method `toProductTypeDrafts` requires `projectApiRoot`, implementation of [`ReferenceIdToKeyCache`](#todo) and a list of `productTypes` as parameters.

> For cache implementation, You can use your own cache implementation or use the class in the library - which implements the cache using caffeine library with an LRU (Least Recently Used) based cache eviction strategy[`CaffeineReferenceIdToKeyCacheImpl`](#todo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cache implementation, you have two options: you can either use your own cache implementation or utilize the class [`CaffeineReferenceIdToKeyCacheImpl`](#todo) provided in the library. This class implements the cache using caffeine library with an LRU (Least Recently Used) based cache eviction strategy.
```

* the update-actions, which failed (only provided if an existing product type could be found)

````java
 final Logger logger = LoggerFactory.getLogger(ProductTypeSync.class);
 final ProductTypeSyncOptions productTypeSyncOptions = ProductTypeSyncOptionsBuilder
         .of(projectApiRoot)
         .errorCallback((syncException, draft, productType, updateActions) -> 
            logger.error(new SyncException("My customized message"), syncException)).build();
````
    
##### warningCallback
A callback is called whenever a warning event occurs during the sync process. Each resource executes its own 
warning-callback. When the sync process of a particular resource runs successfully, it is not triggered. It contains the 
following context about the warning message:

* sync exception
* product type draft from the source 
* product type of the target project (only provided if an existing product type could be found)

````java
 final Logger logger = LoggerFactory.getLogger(ProductTypeSync.class);
 final ProductTypeSyncOptions productTypeSyncOptions = ProductTypeSyncOptionsBuilder
         .of(projectApiRoot)

>          .warningCallback((syncException, draft, productType, updateActions) -> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         .warningCallback((syncException, draft, productType) -> 
```

````java
final TriFunction<
        List<ProductTypeUpdateAction>, ProductTypeDraft, ProductType, List<ProductTypeUpdateAction>> 
            beforeUpdateProductTypeCallback =
            (updateActions, newProductTypeDraft, oldProductType) ->  updateActions.stream()
                    .filter(updateAction -> !(updateAction instanceof ProductTypeRemoveAttributeDefinitionAction))
                    .collect(Collectors.toList());
                        
final ProductTypeSyncOptions productTypeSyncOptions = 
        ProductTypeSyncOptionsBuilder.of(projectApiRoot).beforeUpdateCallback(beforeUpdateProductTypeCallback).build();
````

##### beforeCreateCallback
During the sync process, if a product type draft should be created, this callback can be used to intercept the **_create_** request just before it is sent to the commercetools platform.  It contains the following information : 

 * product type draft that should be created
 
Please refer to [example in product sync document](PRODUCT_SYNC.md#beforeCreateCallback).
 
##### batchSize
A number that could be used to set the batch size with which product types are fetched and processed,

> as product types are obtained from the target project on the commercetools platform in batches for better performance. The algorithm accumulates up to `batchSize` resources from the input list, then fetches the corresponding product types from the target project on the commecetools platform in a single request. Playing with this option can slightly improve or reduce processing speed. If it is not set, the default batch size is 50 for product type sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as product types are obtained from the target project on the commercetools platform in batches for better performance. The algorithm accumulates up to `batchSize` resources from the input list, then fetches the corresponding product types from the target project on the commecetools platform in a single request. Playing with this option can slightly improve or reduce processing speed. If it is not set, the default batch size is `50` for product type sync.
```
